Mention OpenTelemetry (#411)
jaegertracing/documentation: content/roadmap.md

The following is only a selection of some of the major features we plan to implement in the near future (6-12 months). To get a more complete overview of planned features and current work, see the issue trackers for the various repositories, for example, the [Jaeger backend](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/issues/).

## Integration with OpenTelemetry collector

> [OpenTelemetry collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/about) is a vendor-agnostic service for receiving, processing and exporting telemetry data. We have decided to deprecate the Jaeger backed components (agent, collector, ingester, all-in-one) and migrate its functionality to an implementation based on OpenTelemetry collector which has several benefits:

Reviewer: > decided to deprecate the Jaeger backed components

that's not really accurate, we're not deprecating them but re-building them on top of OTEL.

> * forward compatibility with OpenTelemetry native data model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* automatic compatibility with OpenTelemetry SDKs
* forward compatibility with OpenTelemetry native data model
```

* tail-based sampling
* attribute processors

> * [standardized collection pipeline](https://opentelemetry.io/)

Reviewer: not sure what this means, and the link to home page isn't helping

> * less code to maintain

Reviewer 2: Rather than less code to maintain, might be better to say something like "leverage a larger community"? i.e. something more positive than reducing code maintenance :)

> More can be found in the blog post [Jaeger embraces OpenTelemetry collector](https://medium.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-embraces-opentelemetry-collector-90a545cbc24)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More can be found in the blog post [Jaeger embraces OpenTelemetry collector](https://medium.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-embraces-opentelemetry-collector-90a545cbc24), and the earlier post [Jaeger and OpenTelemetry](https://medium.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-and-opentelemetry-1846f701d9f2) that laid out the project strategy.
```

> The current progress can be tracked at [jaeger/issues?area/otel](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aarea%2Fotel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current progress can be tracked via [issues tagged as `area/otel`](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aarea%2Fotel).
```
